Main Idea:
This game will simulate the user as a gym owner, with idea being that the user is recruiting and training up boxers to fight for the world championship.
The user can schedule fights with other boxers and through those fights the user will win prize money and ad revenue which they can use to upgrade the gym further.
The gym can be upgraded in terms of the value of higher raw recruits and better training equipment. There are level 1-10 of gym. Which increases in cost every time you upgrade. The last upgrade should take 100,000,000 dollars.
There will be reputation levels of boxers, starting with the lowest: Unknown, Local Star, Rising Star, Respectable Opponent, Contender, Championship Caliber, Nationally Ranked, World Class Fighter, International Superstar, All-Time Great.
As the boxer's reputation level increases, boxer will earn more prize money as well as ad money from their fights.
Boxer's will have stats that go from a scale of 1-20 for each stat. If they have a natural talen the stat will have an maximum value of 25.
There are four styles of boxers: Out-Boxer, Swarmer, Slugger, Conuterpuncher. The Out-Boxer is countered by Swarmer. The Swarmer is countered by Slugger. The Slugger is countered by Counterpuncher. The counterpunch is countered by Boxer.

Outboxer focuses on:  Jab, Cross, Head Movement, Guard, Positioning, Speed
Swarmer focuses on: Lead Hook, Rear Hook, Body Movement, Positioning, Endurance, Toughness
Slugger focuses on: Rear Hook, Uppercut, Power, Endurance, Recovery, Toughness
Counterpunch focuses on: Timing, Adaptability, Discipline, Head Movement, Body Movement, Speed

Here are some stats that each boxer will have seprated into 4 categories: offense, defense, mental, physical. Take a look at the boxer-stats.png file for a screenshot of the different stats.
Each boxer might also have some randomly generated Natural Talents. These can be randomly gained from training or from character generation.
There boxers can also be injured, these can be from training or during the boxing match. The injuries will need to be tracked here.
Boxers will also have their titles that they earned and the date ranges that they held it on.
Boxers will also need to have their Professional Record saved in a list, in a format like this "Win: Zach Pitt - KO (Rear Hook) - Rd. 1 (1:34) - North America Boxing Federation - April 14 2026"
Check screenshot boxer-stats-full-image.png, the stat screen does not need to look exactly like this, I want to have a ui similar to football-gm.

Boxer weight classes are:
Flyweight 126 lbs 
Lightweight 135 lbs 
Welterweight 147 lbs 
Middleweight 160 lbs 
Heavyweight over 200 lbs

Coaches will also be included this game and have to be recruited just like boxers. Coaches also have a skill level and better gyms will attact better coaches.
Coaches skill levels are Local, Contender, Championship Caliber, All Time Great.
Coaches train specific styles, for example a sluggler style coach will be good at increasing stats that sluggers are good at. But that doesn't mean that you can use a slugger style coach with other styles. It just means that style's specific stats won't be increased.
Coaches train certain stats during the season gaining a certain amount of exp per day trained. When a fight is coming up they will no longer gain exp, but instead the training will temporarily increase a boxers specific stats by 300%. This will scale on the number of days the boxer trains for before the match.

There are multiple different fighting organizations: North America Boxing Federation, South America Boxing Federation, African Boxing Federation, European Boxing Federation, Asia Boxing Federation, Oceania Boxing Federation, Interational Boxing Federation. International boxing federation has the most prestige/viewers.
All these organizations each host 4 events throughout the year. You can challenge boxers in each federation for a fight at those events. 
Each federation has a Title for each weight class.
When scheduling a fight, you can select a couple things, the guaranteed payout which is the payout that you will recieve. It should be in increments of 1000 up to 10000. and then increments of 10,000 until 100,000. and incremetns of 100,000 until 1,000,000.
There is also a PPV/Network split where the boxer can earn a % of the PPV. Usually at larger events it would be better to get PPV percentage, but for smaller events/early career the guaranteed payout would be better.
The boxer that you are trying to schedule a fight against can also alter the terms, for example lower payout or negotiating on the PPV percentage. Since the other part of the PPV percentage goes to the other boxer.
The other boxer can choose to reject it if the challenging boxer is too low reputation or they are not getting enough money. 
The user should also be able to select a title to fight for. Meaning the winner of the match gets the title. Most matches would be where there is no title to be fought for.

After scheduling the fight, but before the actual fight the user will be able to signup for a specific PPV network, networks have a number of viewers and can expect 60% of those viewers to view the fight. The viewer percentage would be increased for title fights.
After the fight, the user will get the contract determined PPV% paid out. All the money goes to the gym, not the individual boxer. In this game individual boxers don't get any of the payout.

During a fight, I'm not sure of the exact calculation to determine the winner, but it should be 20% determined by the type of figher, 70% determined by stats. 10% random chance.
A further feature would be implementing in-fight tactics, but no plans for that feature yet. 
For now we will be doing a simulator experience.

I really like the UI design from https://play.football-gm.com/, so some reference screenshots are from that game. But I like the concepts introduced in another game called World Boxing Manager, so you may also see screenshots from that game.
This is a web browser game that should be a single page app that runs client-side by storing data in IndexDB. 
I've seen patterns where a shared worker is used to talk to indexdb and the tab only runs ui code. In addition there is a cache layer onto of indextb that contains commonly accessed data.
I'm not sure if this pattern is good for this game's usecase.

Dashboard:
Check screenshot football-gm-ui-sample.png. This is a ui snapshot from a game I like the UI of, but it is for a football related manager, so it doesn't need to be an exact copy. I want to adapt this UI for the boxing manager.
Simple text based dashboard, don't need any images right now.

Tabs that should be included (on the same level as League, Team, Players):
League: 
    Sub Tabs within League:
        Standings: this will display the current titles and the boxer's standings with the current title holder at the top and contenders at the bottom.
        These will also need to be in different sections based on the federation.
        Calender: shows current gym members upcoming fights.
Gym:
    Sub Tabs within Gym:
    Roster: Current gym members with some broad information like their next fight and current status. Clicking their name should bring up more detailed information about them.
    Finances: Shows the current level of the gym.
    Coaches: Shows the current coaches and who they are training. 
Players:
    Recruiting: Show potential prospects that are under-18 and their stats and youth boxing history.
    Compare: Allows side by side comparison of two selected fighters.
Tools:
    God Mode: Enables modifying stats/natural talents/history